---
title: "Project Rescope"
date: 2019-10-20T21:00:26+01:00
draft: false
---

There has been a rescope in the project, especially since work on backend aspect has already been in part done through a Java implementation based on Swagger 2.0 spec generated code. I am not at ease with Java, and the API spec might need a bit of rework, but in any case, it seems quite function and I've already managed to get the API server compiled and running in a docker container, so I guess this is a welcome piece of abstraction.

So the rescope is that I will be focusing on frontend development for redactions of sensitive documents, consolidating multiple APIs into a web app. I will stick to ReactJS as a framework because it uses pure Javascript and it is extensively documented and because I want to learn it. The arguments against using Angular are still its very opinionated view of project structure and its more complex (in my opinion) abstractions. I have not considered VueJS much, but I want to learn a technology that is widely used and React seems more widely used than VueJS.

I have started learning ReactJS at a steady pace. I will also need an autogenerated javascript client for the API(s) that I will use. This is easy provided there is a reasonably well redacted Swagger/OpenAPI specfication for it. So the aforementioned Java server implemenetation alongside its specification might need a bit more work, but it should not be too bad, we will see. I need to learn NPM packaging in order to publish a private package for this API client. All this while I simultaneously work on pure frontend code.

I will also need to draw up some wireframe diagrams to sketch out what the interface might look like, I will probably do that by hand, I don't have time to learn drawing software for wireframing. I might also need to read up a bit on wireframing, it seems straightforward but I've never done some proper wireframe diagrams so I want to get a theoretical base.

All in all this rescope should aleviate some of the workload. That is _provided_ the java server implementation does not require too much work.
